The terrain and biome started to change almost immediately as I left Deurali
and headed for Annapurna Basecamp. Green bushes and grasses gave way to mostly
bare rock faces covered in thing yellow grasses as I headed deeper and higher
into the valley between the mountainsides.

I felt like a tiny nothing while hiking through these massive rock formations.
After an hour or so the first patches of snow started to appear. The world
around me had been jungle not 60 minutes earlier, and now here I was suddenly
transported to a new world.

There was a refuge on the way to Basecamp, but I wanted to be surrounded by
snow, and kept going. A helicopter kept droning overhead as it went up and down
the valley. My guess was resupply, but I later found out it was bringing
tourists up to Basecamp, allowing them to bypass the hike altogether.

Clouds started to build as I continued on, now walking through inches of snow
and over icy surfaces. Fresh snow must have fallen last night, because the trail
was hard to find, and I ended up doing a little bit of bushwacking as I made my
way. Up ahead though I could see the Basecamp refuge as clouds started to fill
the world around me. More snow was coming, but I had made it just in time.

It didn't take long to get to Basecamp from Deurali, maybe 3 hours max? I could
have probably made it yesterday, if it weren't for the rain which was most
likely snow up at these elevations. My cash was running out, and I ended up
having to sharing a room with a French couple I had met down in Chomrong. After
getting settled in and taking a nice hot shower, I went to the good-sized
dining hall to hang out, eat, read, and enjoy this winter wonderland around me.

The snow storm lasted for a few hours, and after it passed the skies were a
crystal-clear blue with some remaining clouds scooting along the surface in a
weird fog/cloud-inversion mix. I took this opportunity to walk around a bit and
checkout a dropoff nearby that had some great cloud-inversion going on.

I made a lot of progress on my book today, seeing as how I had arrived by late
morning. A couple of dogs that lived around the refuges (not sure if they had
owners) kept trying to sneak into the dining hall to get out of the cold and
to beg for food, but the hosts kept shooing them out.

During lunch and dinner I made some friends with a couple of Americans from
Colorado and Washington. They seemed like decent people. After the sun set
there wasn't much more reading I could do in the dim lights of the dining hall.
Didn't matter though, I wanted to go to bed early in order to wake up to see
the sunrise.
