Today's hike would be filled with so many amazing views and visuals, from
mountain silhouettes and cliffs that looked like something out of Pandora from
Avatar, to crazy earthly formations of green. And it all got started with a full
moon during breakfast in the lovely dining room of Rifugio Averu.

<Stats gain="3218" loss="4835" miles="10.8" steps="27944" />

A bit of backtracking was required today in order to continue our trek. If we
didn't, then we would have had to have gone down some via ferreta's-like ladders
which require a solid stomach when it comes to the dropoffs, and a helmet to
protect against falling rocks. Needless to say, this wasn't in our plan, nor
did we have any helmets.

We made our way down back onto the trail and headed off into the greenness. I
usually steal looks behind me as I hike just in case I spot something that I
would have otherwise missed since I was going in a different direction. Today was
one of those days, and I'm sure glad I did. This particular part of the Dolomites
had so much unique looks to it: massive boulders, floating in the clouds, and a
rock formation that seemed to be a throne fit for the gods.

![Felt a bit like Pandora](2019/07/16/9e6568fa-5d34-436c-87b2-afa20cea2c40.jpeg)

The trail today took us down and up and down and up. We passed some larger
groups (20+ people) going in the opposite direction as us. It was a weekend day,
I think, so maybe they were just out for a group hike. It meant a lot of stop-
and-go though, waiting for them to pass. There were also some busy roads that we
had to cross today.

![All of the unique geological things I say today](2019/07/16/16c93619-8f44-42f8-a04e-674bef66336c.jpeg,2019/07/16/29680659-4692-4208-85de-60d07db817a2.jpeg,2019/07/16/566f0517-9987-4e7f-b9af-b292f278ae05.jpeg)

Once we passed the roads and left the larger groups behind, it was down to just
the backpackers on the trail. This is where I saw some of the aforementioned
amazing geological features. They definitely make this a unique hike. There was
even a set of ruins hovering, seemingly, on the edge of thin air. Curved
mountains pushed on their sides, mountains with the tops cut off by clouds, and
endless green in all directions. What a beautiful day of hiking!
