I could get used to mornings like the ones in Pamplona. Not a soul in
sight with the air calm and peaceful in the old city I set out before the
others to explore parts that I wasn't able to see yesterday. The only people in
the streets were other pilgrims walking in the opposite direction as they left
the city for the next stage.

It didn't take me long to find a route leading way away from the square, and
towards the other areas of the city. While the square in the morning was calm
and peaceful, the area outside of the urban center were bustling with
activity.

There wasn't much to see beyond the architecture of the buildings, and the
various parks. You couldn't even get inside the arena where the release the
bulls. Slightly disappointed, I hurried back to the Albergue.

Leaving the city took less time than entering it. The residents were starting to
stir, and the street cleaners were mopping up the mess from the previous
night.

After zigzagging through a series of small and large parks we found ourselves
once again walking through the countryside of Spain with the city growing
smaller and smaller with each glance backwards.

Nothing but green fields were laid out in front of us, with clouds sticking to
the ground, their fingers clawing at the hills in the distance trying to pull
themselves closer to the earth.

Rainbows appeared at every edge of a leading cloud formation. Luckily the rain
stayed away from us, and their dark gray color was merely for show.

Large and narrow gravel paths filled with potholes of water snaked their way
across the fields, through small forests, and over small rivers. Gradually The
Way began to rise higher and higher leading towards Zariquiegui: the last stop
before crossing over Alto de Perdon, and the windy mountain crossing.

I caught up with Tania's group (Shelby, Alex, and Tania) in Zariquiegui. They
were getting ready to head out as I arrived. Jokingly I said that I'd see them
at the next rest stop since that was where we kept running into each other. The
other friends from my group slowly trickled in and dropped their bags at the
cafe.

After recharging we slowly left for the top of the mountain. On the way up we
kept leap frogging each other when those in front slowed down, or took
pictures, and the others from behind kept going.

The views from the top did not disappoint, and it was the windiest spot so far
on the Camino with views of the countryside extending away in all directions.

The way down though was hard, and slow going.

After reaching flat ground again, I suddenly found myself very much alone. I
don’t know how it started, but I was talking to myself. To be perfectly honest
with you, I have never done anything like this before. All sorts of random
things started popping into my brain, and coming out of my mouth.

I stopped paying attention to the ground I was walking on, or to the world
around me. I just walked and talked, walked and talked.

Everything from the real reason why I’m here doing the Camino, why I do the
things I do, realizing that I hated my job, what brought me happiness, and what
left me empty and wanting more.

It was an amazing feeling to shine light onto things that were hiding in the
shadows, and things that I didn’t even know I was thinking. I felt so great
about airing out my thoughts and feelings.

At some point I met up with the others in the outskirts of Urtega. We grabbed
lunch at a small Albergue in town for about an hour, and relaxed in the sun.

After leaving Urtega we spread out again as we walked through Obanos on our way
to Puente la Reina.

An attractive looking Albergue at the edge of town as we got off of the Camino
beckoned to us. It took some debating, but we ended up staying at Albergue
Reparadores further in to town. It is one of the oldest Albergues on the
Camino (hundreds of years). Some of us from our group cooked a dinner, and the
others shared what they had to give.

Overall this wasn’t a bad day in terms of terrain or distance, but this was the
first time that I had done any sort of back-to-back, day-in-day-out, walking
and my feet were feeling it. Hopefully tomorrow will be flat ground on the way
to Estella.
