The sun would not rise for another two hours as we packed our bags in the
hallway. Someone else from the other dormitory had the same idea, and added
their stuff to the mess. We finished our morning routines and headed down the
stairs.

There's really only one thing that can stop you from getting an early start, and
that would be a locked door. Thirteen days of walking to, and sleeping in,
various places. You'd think that we would have learned to ask what time the
doors open. After some exploring we found our escape through the kitchen door,
and around the back of the building.

With head torches aglow we headed up into the hills and out of town. There’s not
much to see when it’s dark out, and you walk so much faster without the heat
pressing down on you. Our small group for the day consisted of Bianca, Crissi,
and Maddy (the pilgrim who joined us in the hallway) from the UK.

The rising sun filled the sky with a beautiful pink as headed towards
Castrojeriz. Up ahead a massive structure begin to take shape. It was the
Convento de San Antón: an old pilgrim hospital which was started by the Order
of St. Anthony in the 11th century. All that's left now are the ruins of it,
but the road cut right through the middle of it.

Arches toward above us as we walked through the ruins. The pink stone arches of
this once massively tall structure framed the road perfectly as we continued
towards the castle on the hill in the distance.

The road took us through groves of trees before crossing a small river.
Castrojeriz was in full view as we took the exit off of the small country
highway and towards the town. The church seemed so large when compared to the
houses around it.

Oh, and did I mention that there wasn't a single cloud in the sky today? Talk
about beautiful.

Bianca showed us her coffee skills as we rested at the cafe across from the
church. She competes in the Olympics of coffee making, and gets to work with it
all day long, for a living.

Up the stone road we went, taking a detour around the southern side of the
castle on the hill, and in doing so nearly stepped on a praying mantis! The
little guy was standing as stiff as a statue in the middle of the street. But
he was kind enough to let us take some pictures of him.

Ahead of us lay an old Roman road which led to the big elevation gain for the
day: Alto de Mostelares. Maddy and I were in the power walking groove with our
trekking poles, and we didn’t flinch as we hit the incline. It took us about 10
minutes to get to the top, and holy shit were we out of breath when we reached
it. I don’t think I was this out of breath when we crossed the Pyrenees.

The walk down was hard. My poor knees…

Flat ground awaited us on our way to the next oasis. The power walking didn’t
ease up either. Maddy and I arrived at the Fuente al Pioja about 40 minutes
later and chucked our gear aside. We probably spent close to an hour resting
here. The sun was shining bright, the clouds were absent from the sky, and the
shade felt damn good. Plus, there was a snack stand set up with food. Fruit
please!

We came to the San Nicolás Chapel. It was a barebones place with no electricity
which means, gasp, no wifi. But the thought of staying there was tempting, just
to disconnect from it all for once. Once over the bridge which crossed the Rio
Pisuerga we entered Palencia, and the Tierra de Campos region.

The headphones went in, the music was turned on, and I beat the shit out of that
gravel path with my trekking poles. The heat had turned up, and I wanted to get
to some shade, which was still 6 kilometers away. Maddy had the same idea, and
she kept in time with her music, each of us using the beat to power walk. We
matched tempos and were soon making great time.

Itero de la Vega was the next town, and it was calling out to us for lunch. The
sandwiches were served hot, the beer cold, and I fell backwards into my chair
as I tried to stand up. Maybe I need to slow down a bit. Gently rolling hills
outside of Itero de la Vega greeted us for the longest stretch of today. No
water, no shade, good music, rolling hills, what more could you ask for?

With beast mode turned on it took Maddy and I about an hour to get to the shade
and stop for the day at Boadilla del Camino.

During our speed walking, we realized that Crissi and Bianca had fallen far, far
behind. We waited with the most friendly of cats at the park on the edge of the
village for an hour, but they never showed up. It was too early in the day to
call it quits and, oddly enough, we were aching for more walking.

Bad idea.

The walk from Boadilla to Fromista was nearly just as long as the previous
stretch, and along an old river canal (Canal de Castilla) that looked like it
was no longer used. We were very relieved when we entered town at three in the
afternoon. Today came close to 10 hours of pure walking. Not bad. But we both
knew that it was going to start hurting soon.

Happy to be at another large town, we checked in at the closest place to stay
and settled in. The World Cup was going on while we were in Spain, and Maddy’s
Camino friend Luis was staying at the same Albergue, so we joined him at night
for the game.

It was officially decided that we shouldn’t have pushed so hard today. But hey,
second longest day! Crissi and Bianca did indeed make it to the previous town
at Boadilla after we had left, and decided to camp there for the night. But
we'll see them tomorrow in Carrion, the town just before what I would later
learn is called The Wasteland.

With a name like that, I'm not looking forward to it.
