Goodbye flat land, hello hills. It felt great sleeping in today. We
didn't roll out of bed until well after the sun was up and the other pilgrims
had left. I was eager to start walking, despite the lingering effects from
yesterday. We departed for León with the goal of leaving the Meseta far, far,
behind. The rising sun looked like an atom bomb had been detonated in the
distance.

Cows kept us company on the walk towards the old castle-fort city of Mansilla de
las Mulas. As per usual nothing was open and our pace didn't falter as we
walked through the city. Several groups of students spilled out of the Albergue
and onto the streets, laughing, dressed in relaxing clothes. At first we were
impressed that they would agree to do something like this at such an early age,
but then we saw them loading their bags into a van.

The sun was not cooperating as I tried to take a picture of the castle walls on
the way out. Around that time a bird decided to poop on my shirt, and I was
forced to wear it as a badge of shame for the rest of the day. It was chocolate
for anyone who asked.

Finally, the hills have returned to us. Small ones, sure, but at least I could
no longer see for miles on end. The bigger ones were still further ahead.

What could possibly be over this hill? Nothing, just more towns.

We took breakfast at a random bar in the city before Villarente at Villarmoros.
It was tucked away from the highway in the towns’ square, and the plaza was
covered in white and yellow polka-dots. Probably one of the stranger towns I've
seen so far, but they had fresh Spanish tortilla and bocadillos! I splurged and
bought both.

Villarente and Arcahuega stood no chance as we powered through them, covering
the 12 kilometers in a few hours. Most of the path took us along highways, and
through the busy downtown areas. Sometimes it would switch it up and take us
under bridges, or down along a river.

They were doing construction on part of the path, so we had to take a different
route for entering León. The uphill battle was worse than I expected. It was on
paved road for the most part, but finally as we got near the top it diverted
into the woods, and oh what a sight it was after we cleared the trees.

We raced down the dirt path that took us onto a county road. Here we followed
the markers as they led us through the rugged and increasingly modern areas of
the city. I like the transition from modern to old, especially when the old
town your entering has a wall around it.

The Benedictine church where we wanted to spend the night was hard to find. We
must have asked at least three different people where it was, and walked an
extra two kilometers around the city, but finally we found it. Crissi and I
walked around looking for food, and found a bar that served "rustic bread".
Basically it was large slices of various breads with toppings on them, but they
were super delicious. We returned to the Albergue to meet up with Bianca, and
then took her to the same bar, just because we liked it so much.

After drinking and eating we explored the city, with me playing the tour guide.
First stop was the cathedral, of course. Two pilgrims where walking in at the
same time, and we convinced them to join us in order to get the ticket discount
deal for a group. This was a true gothic cathedral: it was large and grand on
the inside with the columns drawing your eyes up, up, and up.

Next we went to a basilica, then a house designed by Gaudi, and finally the city
park.

On the way back we found a bar to grab some beers and people watched for a
while. Ciro, limping, found us on the way back to the church. He had to buy
some new shoes because his current pair had taken off most of his toenails!
Yeah, that's a real thing that can happen if you walk for extended periods of
time.

Dinner was a pilgrims menu at the restaurant next to the the church, which gives
discounts for those staying there.

There's now only two weeks left before reaching Santiago! Nights spent in places
like Logroño, or Nájera, feel like they were ages ago, and yet also felt like
they were only yesterday.

I am thankful that today was a relatively easy walk, with plenty of places to
stop and eat, or to get water. I have no idea what tomorrow holds, partly
because we don't know which way to go (there are two routes), and we don't know
how far we're going to make it.
