This is the second time that I've had to deal with leaving behind people with
which I had grown close to. I can't believe that it's almost over: three more
days and we're in Santiago. Today we had to say goodbye to our group.

Louis marched on and did two stages in one day, Maddy Cerstin and Isabelle
took it easy and stayed at the end of the previous stage, Mauro and Eileen
continued on to Gonzar, and Crissi and I stayed in Pontemarion.

I knew to expect this from my research of the Camino, but after experiencing it
first-hand I couldn't handle the feelings. To become so intimate with people
whom you swear with, suffer with, laugh with, and make memories with. It's
something that I've never truly experienced before. I want to go back in time
and do the whole thing over again...

I can actually see myself doing this again.

As far as today is concerned, it wasn't too hard of a walk. I took it easy
today due to my right ankle tendon issues. It didn't cause any major problems
though thanks to the compression sock, which Crissi says is really just a
stocking.

We crossed another small mountain on our way out of Sarria. The various forests
and small towns that we went through today seemed to pass by in a blur. We
stopped for breakfast at a cafe in a small town outside of Morgade. Shortly
thereafter it was upon us: the 100 kilometer marker.

Pontemarion was there, ahead of us, a short distance away. We decided to take
the not-so-dangerous approach in to the city. The more dangerous approach went
down old dirt and brick steps, and the sign warned against doing it only if you
were in absolute great shape, which of course I was not.

While eating lunch on the main street Crissi and I ended up deciding to stay in
Pontemarion, while Eileen and Mauro would continue on. As soon as they were
gone, we convinced ourselves that this was a good decision. As soon as we were
settled in though, and relaxing at a bar, we realized that we had made a
mistake. We missed them already.

During dinner Crissi and I thought about trying to take a two day trip to
Porto, Portugal in order to use up the extra days we'd have since we have been
crushing these stages with a passion and figured everyone would be too far
ahead or behind us to see them again.

Either way, we will be celebrating the Fourth of July from Fisterra, Spain.
