It was supposed to be easier on day 2, or at least so I had thought. Last night
was a quiet one as far as backpacking campgrounds go. I didn't hear a single
person snoring. On this trip I had brought a mini thermometer with me so that I
could keep track of how well my sleep system would perform based on the various
temperatures throughout the trip. Temps got down to 63ËšF last night, and I was
comfortable inside my quilt. A good start!

<Stats
  gain="2882"
  garmin="11423494667"
  loss="3780"
  miles="6.3"
  steps="16968"
/>

I woke up around 5:30 am in order to catch the sunrise but there wasn't much to
see: it was hidden behind a ridge of mountains. I set about packing up my gear,
and getting ready for the day. Breakfast at the eating area was
plain, as expected. The kitchen is a small operation, so it was just yogurt
and bread and jam/nutella. I ran into a couple of the people from last night and
we were all meeting up at the same place, so I said goodbye and would see them
there. I filled up my water bottles and hit the trail.

From the start it was all uphill, but I was doing a much better job at pacing
myself today than yesterday, and therefore was making good progress. It quickly
turned into more scrambling and climbing, which wasn't the most fun, not gonna
lie, but as I said compared to yesterday I was doing much better. No leg pains!

A frustrating thing happened though as I was taking pictures while climbing: my
phone decided to lock itself and prevent me from using it for about an hour due
to too many unsuccessful unlock attempts. I'm not sure how that happened, maybe
from me swiping right on the home screen to get to the camera without waiting
for it to unlock, but I missed out on some great photos because of it. That put
me in a bad mood because there were some pretty epic shots! I could have sat and
waited for an hour, but it was really windy in this area and I didn't want to
fall behind.

While I was doing better today, it was still harder than yesterday with lots of
hiking up and down and up and down, plus the bits of climbing mixed in, and the
unrelenting sun. There were some sketchy areas were you had to boulder across
severe drops with no chains. If it was raining this would be nearly impossible
to do.

The views were great, but after the third or fourth ridge pass I was starting to
wonder if it would ever start descending. Obviously it had to eventually, and
it did, but that joy didn't last for long. The trail heading down was mostly
loose rocks which was kind of dangerous given how steep some sections were. The
descent seemed to last forever. Finally I could see the refuge as a tiny blue
dot in the distance, but every time I went around a turn it didn't seem to be
getting any closer.

Oh, and I forgot I had the packed lunch, so that went to waste. Could have used
the food though. I was energy deprived and dehydrated even though I drank like
3-4 liters of water throughout the day. Apparently that wasn't enough in these
hot valleys, and I would need to do better.

I made it to the refuge after cursing the trail multiple times due to the heat,
the loose scree underneath, and the fact that the trail seemed to be deliberatly
taking the long way around. I also got banged up by rocks all over my shins and
ankles, with some cuts as well.

I had a hard time finding a level spot, and ended up using some wood pallets as
a base which meant using rocks to hold everything down. It worked, but we'll see
how it holds up in the wind tonight (it's getting really windy right now). But
good news is that I'm parked right next to Denis, Peter, and Tyezet!

Since I had arrived after everyone else in my new group I had to eat dinner with
a group of French people due to assigned seating (I was in the second dinner
group). They didn't speak much English, which made for a quick dinner.

I hung out with the gang before going to bed early. I can smell the toilets from
here. Not a pleasant thing at all.
